- [Instructor] So let's do the hello world example
of spring security.
None of this should ever be used in the real world.
It's just to show you how easy basic spring security is
before we get into the noise.
I'm going to say that one more time.
This should never be used in the real world.
Let's jump into our IDEs.
First thing I want you to do is open up your PALM file,
we're going to go down
and we're going to add a couple dependencies.
So the first dependency that we will add,
is spring boot starter security
from org spring framework boot
and we can get rid of the version.
And then we're going to scroll down here to our test section.
So for the test dependency that we're going to add,
it is spring security test
and that comes from org spring framework security
and you do not need a version on that either.
Now we'll go ahead and allow Maven
to do its dependency resolution.
So now let's open up source main Java
and in our base package
we're going to create a new package called config.
And in this config package,
we will create a new Java class and we are going
to call that Java class WebSecurityConfig.
Alright, let's annotate this with @Configuration
and @EnableWebSecurity.
And this class needs
to extends WebSecurityConfigurerAdapter
and now we are going to override a method of that,
the method we will override is protected,
void, configure, HttpSecurity,
and we'll simply call it HTTP
and this throws an exception.
Alright, so now in here we're going to do
an HTTP.authorizeRequests.antMatchers
and what we're going to do here
is we are going to say at the root and /home
at those two pages we want to permit all.
Any other request we need to be authenticated
and we will do an and,
and we are going to use HTTP basic.
Now in here, we're going to create another method,
and this one we're going to annotate with that bean,
and this is the UserDetailesService.
We will call it as such and we are going to do UserDetails,
we're going to do a User.withDefaultPasswordEncoder.
You'll notice that this is deprecated that's
because it's here only for testing purposes.
It should never be used.
We're going to set a username of user
and a password of password,
and the roles we will add to this are user
and we will build this user,
and then we will return
a new InMemoryUserDetailsManager passing at the user.
Now, let's start up our application.
Go ahead and refresh our page.
Now you'll see, we can get to the homepage,
nothing has happened.
The minute I go to customers I'm prompted to sign in.
So here I will do user and password
and now I can see my page.
Now, because this is basic off and it's in memory,
refreshing it there's no way to log at it.
We'll talk about that later.
But for right now, you can see
that we protected it with basic off
and that's all the there was to do in this video.